detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain an adventure film called
into the wild spoilers ahead watch out
and take care
into the wild is inspired by a true
story of an adventurer named christopher
mccandless
the film begins with christopher's
mother startled awake in the middle of
the night
crying with the utmost grief her husband
tries to comfort her
she was convinced that she heard
christopher calling out to her
elsewhere christopher mccandless arrives
at the base of a snowy mountain
he walks on by himself through the
mountains along the path
he stuck his hat through a tree branch
to mark his way he passes through a
river and makes his way further into the
forest
eventually he finds an abandoned
teal-colored bus
he investigates the interior and finds
several things he could use
he makes preparations to clean out the
bus and now finally
he finds himself truly free now he
begins his life in the wild
christopher spends his time hunting
writing reveling in the beauty of nature
and experiencing joy from the freedom he
had always desired
on a piece of wood he carves out the
words no longer to be poisoned by
civilization he flees and walks alone
upon the land to become lost in the wild
alexander supertramp may 1992.
months before his expedition christopher
led an ordinary and stable life with his
wealthy parents and her younger sister
the family attends christopher's
graduation the event was solomon's
ceremonious
up until christopher's name was called
and he ran up the stage and left forward
to receive his diploma
as the ceremony continues christopher
contemplates on his parents
he disagrees with the kind of life that
his parents had lead and the kind of
difficulties they've put on them as
children
christopher's parents wait for him in a
restaurant christopher and his sister
karina drive up to the parking lot and
the siblings take a moment to talk to
each other
in the restaurant christopher's parents
greet him fondly
his father then reprimands karina for
driving christopher's car without a
license
as their lunch goes on chris tells his
parents that his grades are enough to
get into harvard law which they greatly
approve of
his parents then remark that they would
like to reward him by buying him a new
car
much to their surprise christopher was
enraged
he emphasizes that his car was running
fine that he didn't need or want any
material thing
back in his apartment christopher begins
to prepare for his journey
he withdrew his entire college fund and
left a check to his sister with a note
that says these are all my savings
feed someone with it he cut up all his
ids and credit cards
his sister describes chris as a solitary
individual with a rigorous and moderate
attitude who found company in books by
authors like tolstoy
jack london and thoreau chris drives on
in his car along the freeway
he spent the night in the desert
willfully ignoring the sign that says
flash flood area
in the night he was startled awake by
water crashing into the hood of his car
the next morning chris burned all his
money removes the license plate from his
car
and abandons it he continues on foot for
the next few days
chris shacks up in a little tent and
feeds off of wild berries
he passes through a town and uses a
public bathroom to wash up
there he picks up a discarded lipstick
and writes on the mirror alexander
supertramp
july 1990 the new name he had given to
himself
alexander now travels mainly by
hitchhiking and walking on foot
meanwhile his family starts to become
restless as they begin to notice
alexander's disappearance
throughout the film his sister continues
to provide insight into what kind of
person alex is
she noted that alex was very clever had
excellent grades
especially those subjects concerning
social problems and human life
after a month alex's parents decided to
visit him in his apartment to check on
him
but they found only the manager of the
property saying that alex had moved out
two months ago
alex's sister reports that what her
brother was doing was an escape from a
life that he found to be empty and
meaningless
while alex was walking one day he finds
a worn out straw hat on the ground and
puts it on on his way to join a colorful
van owned by a free-spirited old couple
the wife remarks on alex's hat and
invites him into the van
the man's name was rainey and the woman
was january later
the three share a meal by the campfire
the couple then inquires further about
alex and who he is and where he's from
when jan asks where are your parents
alex answers living their life somewhere
jan notices the contempt in his voice
and asks him to be fair with his
judgment towards his
parents as she observes that he seems
like he was a loved kid
to which alex responds with thoreau
rather than love then money
then faith then fame then fairness give
me truth
in the film alex's sister tells that as
children she and her brother
were subjected to witness their parents
violent arguments toward each other
all of which led to an attempted divorce
which never happened
she then reports that the arguments and
the unrest never stopped within their
family and affected both of them greatly
on a beach rainey sits by a cluster of
elevated rocks
alex comes by with plenty of firewood
that he'd collected rainey watches jan
from the distance
who was walking down along the shoreline
he tells alex that they've been
experiencing difficulties in their
marriage when asked whether he
understood what he was trying to say
rainey was surprised to hear alex
respond some people feel like they don't
deserve love
they walk quietly into empty spaces
trying to close the gap to the past
alex then tells rainey that he's been
afraid of water his entire life
alex runs off to join jan and together
they swam and jumped and dove into the
waves
after some time they run to rainey who
was sitting by a campfire
that evening alex takes notice that
rainy and jan had reconciled
the following morning the couple went
out of the tent to find alex gone with
the words thank you
jan and rainy written on the sand in a
pained voice
jan tells rainey that alex reminded her
of her son
in the present time alex grows weary and
hungry in his teal colored bus
animals are hard to come by and there
are no plants to eat because it is
winter time
he is rationing a bag of rice which is
his only remaining food
he tries his best to motivate himself
and stay strong
alex adds a notch to his belt a sign of
his increasing starvation
months before his days in the bus alex
began working on a farm with a cheerful
and boisterous man named wayne
alex now spends most of his days working
on the farm and spending time with wayne
and his friends
one night wayne and alex hang around in
a bar
alex wonders where he could get books
about hunting and preserving meat
wayne advises him to speak with his
friend kevin who was an expert on
hunting
wayne then discovers that alex intends
to go to alaska to be
as he puts it in the wild wayne becomes
excited about this idea as well
alex then explains how he doesn't
understand why people are bad to each
other
when wayne asks which people alex is
referring to alex replies parents
hypocrites politicians pricks wayne then
realizes how far alex is taking his
ideals and advises him not to get too
deep into it
alex's parents have started to be more
active in their search
alex on the other hand is still spending
his days with wayne learning more about
hunting from kevin and working at the
farm
that is until a group of policemen
arrived and arrested wayne
before he is forced into the car he
looks towards alex and tells him he can
work for him anytime he wants after he
is out from jail
he advised him one last time not to head
for alaska during the winter
alex continues on his journey and leaves
the farm alex
now equipped with a small boat and a
paddle proceeds to travel by boat down a
river
he stares at the flow of the rushing
waters intently and pushes himself
forward to accomplish the task despite
his fear
he braves through the river and after
successfully clears it
he continues down the river to find a
young danish couple dancing to the radio
they invite him over to e the danish man
introduces himself as mads and the woman
introduced herself as sonia
mads and sonia were impressed that he
had cleared the rapids they exchanged
stories and mads informs him he could
take his kayak straight towards mexico
their meeting was interrupted when alex
heard the siren of the river patrol that
was after him
so he took his kayak and moved forward
he continued in his boat moving through
different places
he writes a letter to wayne telling him
of his life later on
alex arrives in mexico in a few days
he finds himself at the border being
confronted by the police
alex sneaks out and boards a moving
train alex jumps off of the train around
california
he walks through the city feeling lost
he enlists a locker to store his items
in a shelter
at night he proceeds to walk through the
streets of california alone feeling even
more disenchanted by modern life
he looks through a bar window and sees a
dignified man in a suit and sees what he
could have been if he had chosen to live
the life his parents wanted for him
this vision caused him to storm out of
the shelter and take his things to go on
the road once again
days later he's on board another train
during the night the train stops
and a man punches him in the face and
pulls him out of the train car
he beats him and pins him to the ground
the man warns alex never to illegally
board his train again
in the present time spring has sprung in
alaska and alex's hunting
fishing and eating enough once again
some days he goes hiking
he's managed to build himself a shower
from a bucket punched with holes
he's become accustomed now to life in
the wild in one instance in alaska
alex had shot an elk he rushes to his
teal colored bus
remembering kevin's advice that game
should be cleaned and cut off quickly
before it rots
alex tries his best to skin the elk and
preserve the meat
after he was done he washed his hands in
the river and made an enclosure to store
and cook the elk meat
flies are everywhere and alex struggles
to keep the flies away in time
while cooking the meat alex reenacts a
scene from when he was young
he and his dad were lighting a barbecue
and eventually his parents ended up
arguing and shouting at each other
the next day flies and maggots permeate
the elk meat
devastated alex screams in frustration
as he sat sulking in his loss he watched
as a pack of wolves came and devoured
the rotten scraps of meat he then wrote
in his journal shut the moose one of the
greatest tragedies of my life
jan lay down in their van with her dog
sony suddenly
little cinny leapt up and rushed out the
door jan followed and was quickly taken
aback when she saw alex's pack on her
front door
alex surprised jan and gave her a hug
they were in slab city
a place where people like rainey and jan
gather to spend time together
rainey jan and alex attend the local
performances at the heart of the camp
a girl by the name of tracy comes up on
stage and sings with her guitar
alex's gaze fixed intently on her
absolutely captivated and rainy and jan
took notice
the next day alex and rainy are sitting
down selling books in front of the van
rainey tells alex that his and jan's
relationship is doing well which leads
rainey to mention to alex that he should
introduce himself to tracy who was
across from them on another van
playing the guitar tracy catches alex
looking and walks over to him
she asks if they're selling the books
and they begin talking rainey stands up
and walks away to give the two some
privacy to talk
tracy asks alex if he wants to go see
salvation mountain with her
salvation mountain is a hillside
visionary environment created by a man
named leonard night in the california
desert
the artwork is made of adobe bricks
discarded tires and windows
automobile parts and thousands of
gallons of paint
alex and tracy meet leonard himself and
they showed him around each nook and
crevice of his work
telling them about how it was made how
many people all over the world
contributed to his materials
and that he feels loved by everyone and
he would like to love them back
the two of them spent most of the day
with leonard on his mountain
they returned to slab city before dark
tracy and rainey prepare dinner while
alex and jan sit by the van
jan begins to tell alex about his son
reno when reno was a teenager
about to be a young adult he left jan
and hasn't contacted her in two years
as jan told all of this to alex she
tries to make him understand what she
was feeling and that it might be what
alex's parents are feeling now that he
left
jan asks alex if his parents know where
he is
one afternoon alex continues his
calisthenics routine
he's doing sit-ups and rainey is helping
him tracy looks over and watches alex
rainey remarks that tracy wants alex
intimately rainey talks about alex's
discussion with jan about reno
rainey tells him children can sometimes
be harsh when it comes to their parents
and asks him if he plans on seeing his
own parents
alex responds that he is only focused on
getting to alaska and gets up and walks
towards tracy's van
in the van alex is surprised to see
tracy with only her underwear and top on
tracy tells alex that her parents aren't
home alex rejects tracy's advances and
instead
suggests that they play a song together
at the local gathering that night
the next day alex leaves and says
goodbye to tracy and rainey
jan gives him a lift before they say
goodbye jan gives alex the hat she
promised she'd make him
in the present time in alaska after much
reflection alex resolves himself to
returning home
but as he walks into the clearing he had
passed before a strong river is now
rushing through it he sees jan's hat
from the distance
still lodged in the tree branch he tries
to pass through the river but the
current was too strong
a few weeks before his stay in alaska
alex meets ron franz who is an old man
who happened upon alex and gave him a
ride
ron questions alex about his lifestyle
and his family
ron invites alex to his own ron is a
veteran who fought in okinawa
his wife and son died in a car accident
and now lives on his own
ron was a leather maker and he started
teaching alex how to make all sorts of
bags and belts made of leather
soon alex was able to make his own belt
from the things ron taught him
on a rocky hill in the desert alex and
ron discuss their views with each other
again
alex urges ron to explore and take in
new experiences
while ron talks to alex about god and
urges him to forgive his parents
in alaska alex becomes increasingly
desperate from starvation
he punches another hole in the belt he
made hungry and with no game to hunt
he turns to collecting roots and berries
one morning
alex wakes in a state of pain and nausea
he stumbles towards his wild plant guide
book and found that he ate a lethal
plant
he lay on his back and held in pain he
survived the poison but it left him in a
severely weakened state
the film cuts back to when ron drove
alex on his way to alaska
before leaving ron makes an offer to
adopt alex
alex asks ron for them to talk about
this when he gets back to alaska
the film then shows us the people
christopher mccandless had touched in
his life
we see rainy and jan wayne being
released from prison
tracy on her prom night and
christopher's parents
dying and alone chris writes in his book
happiness is only real when shared
near the time of his death christopher
mccandless took a picture of himself
waving while holding a written note
which read
i have had a happy life and thanked the
lord goodbye and may god bless all
written under his true and right name
christopher johnson mccandless
the exact date and time of his death are
unknown the film depicted christopher in
his dying moments envisioning his
parents and running into their arms and
smiling up to the sun as he takes his
final breath
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching